Oh, man. Hello, everybody. Welcome. Harmontown is now in session.
Let's hear it. Come on. Welcome to the back of Miltdown Comics.
Let's bring out Spencer. Spencer. Spencer, right here. I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Rob Schrab.
I will be controlling in the place of Jeff Davis, who could not be here tonight.
How y'all feeling tonight? You everybody feeling good?
Alright, let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Sit down. Sit down.
Yay. It's 8.12.
I don't know. Now explain that.
When you were in the bathroom at El Compadre, Rob shot me a mischievous look.
I said, now, Rob, that's not a normal man's look. You've got something cooking up right in your mind right now.
And what did you say, Rob? Well, basically, just he suggested that we do what you just saw happen.
Like, what did you? You tweeted them?
I didn't tweet shit, man. I've been on Twitter since Bill Paxton died.
We lost Bill Paxton.
I'm really bummed out about that. Who's really bummed out about that?
It's over, man.
Some people make fun of it.
I'm pretty sad about it.
Same Game Over Man is definitely trivializing a human being's death, I would say.
I got a lot of misguided people when Harold Ramis died, like, oh, he's seeing Vinkman on the other side now.
It's like, don't do the thing where you relate their death to their product.
I don't think. Not when you're genuinely trying to eulogize. Do it in the privacy of your own bedroom.
When did you find out?
I don't know, this morning, I guess.
It just hit me. It was like, one of those guys that you think is going to be around forever, and he's just gone.
It's like Miguel Ferrer died earlier this year.
And we also recently lost Milo Yiannopoulos.
You don't know when it's going to happen.
Somebody will be complicated in surgery, somebody will dig up a year old interview where you sound a little bit like you're alright with pedophilia, and then you're just gone.
I want to really just congratulate Simon and Schuster. They really went on a limb there to cancel a book deal after rediscovering someone's highly publicized remarks on pedophilia.
I think the second time it became publicized, it was really just the right thing to do at the time.
Oh, wait, now that's going to be unprofitable pedophilia?
All right, well, we thought it was one of those one times.
It's too bad because he's such a nice, likable person.
Well, as he would always explain, he was just being funny.
He was just very funny. He was just a very funny person, he would always say.
I think the funniest thing about him was how he would continually talk over anyone who'd show he was odd.
He had no basic improv training. He would not give and take.
No matter what show he was on, you would just be hearing him talking over anyone that was always talking.
Not a funny person and not a talented person, just a tragic attention whore.
That's fine. The thing is, I find the irony to be, as soon as Breitbart lost him, whether he quit or got fired,
and then I watched the Joe Rogan thing where he was talking about getting fucked by his priest or whatever,
and it was like, I think the interesting thing about the left versus the right is that the left would like to hear about your bullshit
after we know it's related to human trauma, and the right would like to hear about it right up until that time.
$5 gets you the video subscription to Harmontown. See what Rob Schrab is doing.
I'm not going to try to do a regular show tonight.
It's the Oscars. The Oscars are on right now.
The Oscars are...
Who's one?
Lala Land.
Who's two?
Suicide Squad.
Lala Land can suck-suck my dick-dick.
And it can, too.
What is this concoction, somebody?
That's Frank Branca. That's what Jeff user drinks.
I feel like reanimator, man.
My thoughts on Milo are very cogent and timely, and now they're lost to the ages.
How you doing, Dan? I haven't seen you in a while.
We discovered some new planets, Rob.
Okay.
Have they been named yet?
No.
How many planets?
I don't know.
Let's name them.
I don't know. I don't know anything that you don't know. NASA said on Monday,
we got some shit coming out that on Wednesday, they were like,
here's the thing, there's some things.
All I was getting at third hand, there was a solar system that has multiple Earth-like planets.
There's seven new Earth-like exoplanets or something revolving around a single-star solar system.
Only one star?
Imagine if these...
How many moons?
Imagine if these planets are actually...
You've got to figure, before we could ever even...
Before we had gasoline, before we had electricity, we had telescopes,
we could see what was going on on the moon.
So if these planets are... Let's say they all have sentient life evolving on them.
Sure.
We would be making first contact with people.
Most importantly, even if they weren't technologically more advanced than us,
they would already be, if they had telescopic contact with each other,
they would already be like the New York to our Wyoming.
Because they would have grown up, like in the year 1400,
they would have known there were fish people on the planet, like a couple of...
What if the fish people were like a hundred years behind us?
Or ahead of them, whatever. It doesn't matter.
We will be making contact with a solar system that will be like,
why are you people so racist?
When we were getting to that point, we could see fish people waving at us.
And we could also see them beating up snake people next to them.
And we were monkey people next to giraffe people going like,
stop doing that.
And they were like, you're right. You should stop doing that too. You're right.
And then we're going to be so intimidated by them that we're going to be like,
Not me.
I think, I don't know, I just think it could be an ironic development
where we're like totally technologically the same,
but they're kind of snobby, like they're more cosmopolitan.
And then we end up going like, they're looking down on us and going like,
you're still racist?
And we'll be like, yeah, that's right.
I hate this Mexican guy and he hates me because we're from Earth.
I'm glad you let me get through the thought.
All right, our guests tonight have a feral audio podcast
called Dumb People Town.
Let's bring out the Sklar Brothers.
Thank you.
Hey, Rob, did you get that tiny bottle of table wine we sent over to you?
I did.
Oh, good.
Oh, great.
Great.
Somebody ate the tiny loaf of bread that came with it.
Chef's choice.
Okay.
So let's get through the twin stuff for a second.
I thought you were going to talk about...
Cover it finally.
Yeah, finally, let's crack that.
I actually want to talk just briefly about the planet stuff.
Okay.
Because I always felt like Pluto got the rawest deal of all.
It's like a planet for so...
We think we have job security problems.
That shit was locked down for so long.
That was diorama lockdown.
That was diorama lockdown to then just be like, yep, you're not a planet anymore.
To me, it feels like the rawest deal ever.
What is it?
It's like, my very elegant mother just served us nine...
Dwarf planets?
My very elegant mother just served us nothing.
That's what it was.
If you're Pluto...
I thought I saw some little sniglet about maybe Pluto now.
It was a planet, then it wasn't a planet, and now it might be...
It was Dwarf planet for a while.
Then it was on Game of Thrones.
Then now, wait, is Rich Hall still doing sniglets?
I co-opted the word sniglet to mean a little thing.
A snippet?
Yeah, I don't know.
An unresearched bot that injured my head.
I thought I saw some little subhead that was always related to the NASA conference.
They found all these little exoplanets, but then there was also something attached to that,
a rider that was like, also Pluto might be a planet.
P.S.
Am I imagining that?
P.S., yeah, Pluto...
I know, remember how all those people said Pluto wasn't a planet?
It is actually now a planet.
It is again.
No, I don't know if that was just an attachment on the little planet.
P.S.
All right, we want to talk about twins?
Yeah, let's get into it.
Let's fucking get into it.
Bill Paxton, let's talk about Bill Paxton.
Is it the size or is it the distance from the sun?
What is the issue?
For twins?
I don't know.
How do you get your power?
We have to say equidistant from the sun or one of us dies.
It's a very difficult thing to manage when we're not together.
Actually, I actually found out about Bill Paxton last week.
What?
Yeah, my phone's got crazy alerts.
It was unbelievable.
I just seen the movie Arrival, so I can actually see into the creature now.
See, you're trivializing a human being's death.
Hey, I just know I'm never getting lasik surgery.
That's one thing I'll never do, because you died of complications from...
No, really?
That's what it is?
From lasik surgery?
No, I made that up.
I totally made that up.
Wow.
I thought it was because your glasses are the only way we could tell you from your brother.
Yeah, but really I have no heart.
No soul.
Yeah, I was thinking I might watch a simple plan tonight.
You guys like a simple...
So good.
So fucking good.
Particularly liked Bill Paxton in that movie.
He was great.
And then Billy Bob Thornton, just nobody...
He's got the most powerful, like, quiet voice in all of movies.
He just...
He says it so quietly.
You ever see one false move with Bill Paxton and Billy Bob?
No, I have not.
Really good.
Really, really good.
It's the simple plan of movies.
No.
Trying to do my Billy Bob Thornton impression.
It's good.
Working hard.
I like mashed potatoes.
What else do you like Billy Bob?
I'm going to just start showing you objects.
Do you like tiny wine?
I like tobogganing.
That goes well with mashed potatoes.
What else?
I like being questioned by Canadian interviewers about my band.
What is he looking at?
I don't know what Billy Bob is looking at.
I'm focusing on...
Just down on the floor.
I have to focus all of my energy into my impersonation lobe.
I love it.
I'm not going to do a fucking awesome Billy Bob and then also be like,
Who wants pizza?
That's right.
Or make eye contact.
Yeah, at the very least.
I like mashed potatoes and gravy.
See, it doesn't work.
No, you went from zero eye contact to the creepiest,
I will never look away from you eye contact.
He looked through Jason to me.
Like that's how.
Would you ask Tom Petty about his influences?
Yes.
Yeah, I would.
You've seen that Canadian clip, right?
Yes.
Fucking amazing.
That's my favorite part.
Would you ask Tom Petty about his influences?
Yeah.
Pause, pause.
Of course.
It's one of the first things I asked.
What did you want to know?
Yeah.
Who are you influencing?
That's the first thing they cover in the Bogdanovitch thing.
Yeah.
It's a sign bar item on Wikipedia for all musicians.
Right.
If you Wikipedia Prince, it says what his influences are.
What are Prince's influences?
Billy Bob.
Billy Bob, what are they?
Billy Bob, what are Prince's influences?
Oh, Prince's influences are.
Oh God.
I'm trying to hold it.
Captain EO.
For sure.
David Bowie.
I feel that.
Feel it.
You started with Captain EO and then went to David Bowie.
In that order.
In the order of most influential.
Captain EO.
David Bowie.
Yeah.
Not a close second, but definitely a second.
The Muppets.
James Brown.
All right.
Twin stuff.
Sorry.
We made you jump off the twins.
Oh, twin stuff.
All right.
So what are you guys?
Do you have private time?
Do you go like at the end of the day?
Like do you go?
Do you go home?
Do you live in the same house?
Yeah.
Like if one of you stubs their toe, do you the other feel it?
No, we.
Now come on.
Somebody stub this guy's toe.
Hang on a second.
That is an extraordinarily fair question.
That is a super valid question.
I don't want to stomp on the validity of that question.
I don't want to stub my toe on the validity of that question.
I don't stub my nose in the face of that question.
Good.
No.
No, although.
Quite simply.
That is bullshit.
It's such horseshit.
Although I will say this, I will say this.
Recently we were, we were about to go do some shows on the road.
And when we have a really early morning flight, we'll call each other in the car as we're
driving.
We don't live in the same house.
Like we both, yeah, we, we both have two families.
We live on the only caboots in LA.
Yeah.
It's a communal living site.
So we're driving.
We always, I will call him always, or he'll call me just to make sure that the other one
woke up and is coming to the gig.
And, and so he called me and I couldn't take the call because I had stopped because I had
to pee so badly, like uncharacteristically so badly.
I had already peed in the morning.
I was, I'd stopped at a 7-Eleven, which someone told me dummy.
They don't have bathrooms at 7-Eleven.
I didn't know that.
I went in and got into a fight while I had to pee with the guy.
I was like, you have to pee somewhere.
Like I don't know why I got into it with him at that point.
Then I was like, fuck it.
I'm going to walk outside.
I went, it was on Olympic in La Cienega.
I went around to somebody's house and on our apartment building and peed on the side of
an apartment building because I had no hope.
I had no chance.
I ran back into my car.
I called Randy back and I was like, I'm so sorry.
I saw you were calling.
I didn't want you to freak out that I wasn't up for the thing.
But I had to pee so badly that I just peed on the side of a building.
And you said, I just peed on the side of a building.
Is that true?
No, that is true.
And that is so fucked up.
That is the most twin thing that's ever happened is that we both drank too much coffee before
going to LAX.
And that was creepy.
That almost made us want to stop doing comedy.
That moment right there.
But if we looked at your text messages, are you guys just nonstop checking in with each
other?
I just brought you out as the Scar brothers.
I didn't call you Randy in whatever the other one's name is.
That's what I do.
Jesus, you've been hanging out with us.
You've been called brothers.
You've been booked as the brothers.
You're Burger King commercials as the Scar brothers.
But obviously, there can't be any because you were born that way, literally.
There is no buildup of resentment or craving for individuality, right?
Unless we find out right now.
Jason is not a planet.
Yeah, no.
I've been demoted.
Apparently, I don't have a fucking name.
Thank you, Billy Bob.
No.
Well, we have separate families and separate lives.
And so, you know, like, I think the fact that we, even up into that point, but the fact
that we now have kids and wives and we have multiple wives, Bill Paxton, RIP.
You guys, you guys each have one wife and then you have a third wife that you didn't
break or Kronenberg, like you swap off.
The relief wife.
We each have second families, but it's the same.
And they don't know about it.
So they think it's just the same person coming in.
That's the third wife is she just lives in an apartment with what she thinks is a guy
named Elijah Sklar.
Right.
He just comes in.
A man who's not a twin.
Sometimes he has glasses.
Sometimes he doesn't.
He's just super attentive.
He's around a lot for her.
But the catch is one of you falls in love with her.
I was going to say Thursday is on CBS, but it's called Hidden Figure.
All right.
Well, yeah, so we do have our own lives and what's crazy is that since we've had our
own families and kids and stuff, the, the, the, when we get together and we hang out with
it, can I say this?
Is this all right?
Sure.
Thanks, Rob.
When we hang out, thanks, Spencer.
We hang out.
It just, it's fun.
We actually look forward to it because I feel like we enjoy it more now than ever before
because speak for yourself.
Oh, no.
Is there a tone you guys have?
Like if you, if you're, if you're by yourselves, the two of you, and then everybody else is
gone, does it ever get dark?
Like, like you share with each other this kind of like, you're like, oh, that one, you
know, like, or something or like, like, you guys are only on each other's sides and there's
like, like some fucking like weird energy between you where you're like, yes.
I don't think it's a weird energy.
Oh, I was going to say yes.
Yeah.
No, maybe we're misinterpreting the energy between us.
I think it's very normal.
You think it's weird?
Oh, that's strange.
Who the fuck are you?
I don't know.
This is Dan.
Fuck.
Uh, no, I, I think it is, I can describe it like this.
I do think it, it goes beyond the normal sibling relationship.
It goes beyond the normal, uh, friend relationship.
Like we're past the point where you share things with each other.
This is going to sound so bizarre.
We are past the point where you share things with each other.
And I think because we're twins in some weird way, we're allowed, we allow ourselves to
be as hard on the other person as you would be on yourself.
So as negative as you would be about yourself, you, and that to me is an intimacy to like,
rip on someone who isn't you, the way you would basically rip on yourself is so intimate.
But also I would, it's what every marriage should be upside to that is that you can confide
in them and you wouldn't like, if I had a twin brother and then I found out like, I
was like, wait, oh, redhead cheerleaders.
I'd like, I'd like call my brother and go, I think it's redhead cheerleaders.
Right.
The combination has something to do with athletic socks and he'd be like, wait, oh, yeah.
I don't know anything like that where you'd be like, you'd call him up and go like, wait,
do you, are you, do you hate beans?
So that's, that's, that's our journey.
I think what you're just describing right there is to get, to actually, we're so close
to each other.
We're actually stepped on the other side of each other facing away from each other.
So the key is now over the course of our lives, yeah, to the beginning of a duel.
It's literally like, not to get all Hamilton about it, but the second movie poster from
your trilogy.
That's right.
It's just that.
The third one is the turn.
You're facing each other again.
Yeah.
Gunpoint.
And in between us is a redheaded cheerleader.
So.
Sops up.
Sops.
It's Julianne Moore.
Julianne Moore.
Yeah.
It's like, it's, it's, it's the, it's the dark version of fabulous Baker boys.
Right.
Yes.
So now our thing in life is, I think to peel it back and actually have the type of relationship
that a close siblings would have.
That is our work that we have to do.
In other words, kind of examining yourselves for your individuality a little bit.
Totally.
Experimenting with like, kind of like, you know what, like, like actually withholding
from each other.
Totally.
So that there is.
Yes.
And or taking time apart from each other.
So when we're not working, we're not doing that stuff.
We do spend time with our different friends and family, friends and whatnot.
So then when we do come back together, we are actually happy.
I have to wonder if this biologically, psychologically mirrors the stage in a normal individual's
life when they would be going through some threshold, that that's something that I've
never heard about in twin studies.
We're always so obsessed with like, Oh, who, what's the difference between nature and nurture?
Let's study these twins.
Right.
But like that idea that, that twins have that unfettered intimacy and that you guys are
experiencing this, this weird crisscross right now.
I wonder if that coincides with, with the age at which a person goes through a lot of
crisis.
Like, wait, who am I?
Yeah.
I think so for sure.
But I think we're, we, we experienced that more because mid twin crisis, mid twin crisis.
But I think it's also cause we're comedians or we are constantly examining our relationship
and who we are and what we're about and what's wrong with us and all that stuff.
So yeah, we, we only participated in one twin study ever at, we grew up in St. Louis, Washington
University and I don't want to say we fuck this thing up, but like, I had to go into
a room and this is no joke.
This actually happened.
People were stunning this.
I had to stare.
There was like, it was just a little machine that would just light up with a red light
when in another room, Randy was looking at a picture and I'm just looking at the hall,
looking at a picture and I, for no reason, Rob, just rubbed my temples as if to send
it to me.
If to fucking send it through the ether to him like, cause I was like, that's what you're
supposed to do.
And I just had to, when the light came on, draw what popped into my head to see if he
could send it across a hallway at Wash U. And not only did I not draw even a remotely
close shape to anything he was looking at, it was so bad, like we, they shut down the
experiment.
They lost funding.
They lost their grant and their funding because of our results.
What did you draw?
I drew, I remember he was looking at a tree, like a very tall tree and I drew a star, nothing
like a tree, rounded edges and all that stuff.
You were looking at a cow and I drew, I drew a car.
You were looking at what, can you remember any of what the other ones were?
I can't.
You were looking, why don't you get in my head and find out.
Okay.
Let me rub them.
But I can't remember.
We were so off.
It was so off that they couldn't even, it proved to us that we're like that, I don't
believe in that shit.
I really don't.
I really, but being a comedian, weren't you tempted to just keep drawing dicks?
Every car.
He keeps thinking about that.
I don't know.
He's only 13.
My brother.
The car had a dick coming out of its mouth.
It's just, I'm sorry, everything.
Brother, keep thinking about dick.
I don't know if you're looking at a cow, but he's thinking about dick.
Cow had two dicks just so I can do on it.
Well, let's bring up Brandon Johnson because he's back there, like pushing.
Hi, Brandon, what is this shit about Pluto, man?
Yeah, right?
I just heard back there, all that talk about, I don't know what's going on.
Is it a planet?
Is it not a planet?
Riveting.
I can see Steve Harvey starting like a stand-up act, just like, what is this shit about Pluto?
Now, you're a woman, right?
Pluto.
You're a planet.
Speaking of comedy and comedians, I just drew a dick in my mind, Rob.
I was at this function and Martin Short was being given an award and he just fucking murdered.
Were you guys Martin Short fans?
Huge.
And then when he did Jiminy Glick, I was like, that is the most electric character.
Martin Short was my guy.
When I was in sixth grade, I think a lot of us, we start just by imitating people.
I would just do Ed Grimly and Jack, let's see that, I'm mental, I must say, why is Billy
Bob Thornton doing Ed Grimly?
Billy Bob Thornton, why are you so mental Billy Bob?
It's amazing.
I want mashed potatoes, I must say, I must say, I'm completely mental, oh my God, oh
my God, it's fucking beautiful.
Why are you holding a triangle suddenly?
If you do this mouth, you could do John Lithgow, oh my God.
Brandon, who are your childhood comedy people?
I love the Broadway whoopee was one of the first things I ever saw.
The young comedian special Robin Williams was one of the first things I ever saw.
I had to like, we had an old ass TV and we got HBO and we had dials on the shit, so
I had to like, back in the day if you got cable, you had to hook it up and you'd have
to dial for like, maybe a half an hour, just turn a dial, until the cable hooked up with
like a raw signal, and fucking remember it, three o'clock in the morning, dial, dial, dial,
and then whoopee girl Berg around the world in 88 days, and I was like, what the fuck.
So you like the character pieces, like the one woman show, kind of like, I'm going to
do 20 minutes as this person, and I mean that's what you were like.
I mean, it's just my earliest memory of somebody who inspired me, but I didn't think like,
I wasn't like, one woman show type, that's why I was in shock, I was like, this is one
woman show, but it's funny, like, wasn't you molested when you were a kid or something?
That's always how you can tell if someone's giving you a compliment or they hate something,
like, how high their voice is.
Ask me how her one woman show was.
How was her one woman show?
Scoot!
Hated it, hated it.
Okay, now ask me how her one woman show was.
How was her one woman show?
It was good.
Oh, love it.
That means it was really good.
Holy shit.
Wow.
A lot of characters.
You loved it.
A lot of characters, man.
Wait a minute.
All of my one woman shows have been terrible.
No, they were good!
They were great!
Wait a minute.
This is a little unrelated, but Schrab revealed to me at dinner tonight that he's going to
choose...
To us.
I was there.
Thanks, Spence.
You were sitting at the next table, though, facing the wall.
Why did they make you do that?
It's because you didn't order anything.
Right, yeah.
I forgot.
You gotta eat a chimichanga you want a presence at my table.
Schrab revealed to us that he is going to a vocal coach.
Yes.
Because he wants his voice lower.
Wow.
That's not completely it.
Let me ask you.
No, okay.
All right, all right, okay.
How is that working out for you?
It's good.
It's going pretty well, right?
Yeah.
How is your vocal coach?
It's good.
I hope it's going better.
It just started, so you're not going to hear anything.
Obviously, my knee jerk reflex was, you know, maybe this is a little disrespectful to Schrab,
like, because people, we have a tendency to, if somebody were to say to us, like, oh,
I'm going to do this, you know, if somebody you respect and you like, like, we have a knee
jerk reaction that comes from the best of intentions, which is we kind of like, we want to argue
with them.
Like, no, you shouldn't do that.
You shouldn't change.
You're finding a way you are.
Right.
I do, but I've inspected it from that angle, and I'm still like, what the fuck is he talking
about?
Why?
I just wanted to bring it up, because I just like, I don't, you were saying, Rob, that
the guy was saying, when you went in for your consultation, that he said, you're holding
your breath more than you should, or something like that.
Well, I mean, right now I'm comfortable in everything, but when I'm, you know, on set,
or I'm, you know, in a pitch meeting, if, you know, when I'm having a bad time, I tend
to talk fast and not breathe, and I, my register goes up and it, and it's just learning how
to breathe and talk and think and just organize your thoughts and stuff.
It's just something that I'm doing to, to improve myself.
I'm so sorry we made fun of it.
So how low, how low do you want to talk?
Lou Rawls.
Really low.
I mean, lower than this.
Like hip, like, I mean, like, hip, what?
Like hibbert.
Hib, hip, per.
Hibbert.
Hibbert?
Yeah.
The doctor on the Simpsons.
Oh, sure.
People like it.
People are room full of these people would know that shit.
Y'all about to lose y'all Simpsons cars.
Would you want to talk this low.
I don't know.
I like at 2.09, registered, I think.
Hey, hey, how was her one woman show?
It was alright.
You didn't really find anything you liked in it.
Well there was this one part.
He must have loved that part.
That's actually incredible.
Mark Short came out.
Mark Short was good.
He was good.
Yeah.
And then, you know, he introduced Chevy Chase.
Chevy Chase.
That's good.
But this is what I'm talking about, you know, when you're talking like this, which is my
comfortable register, you know, which to some people is grading, you know, I just like,
you know, I'm trying to, I'm just trying to, trying to fix this fucking problem, which
is my life.
I think a lot of people like your voices.
I think I like it.
A lot of people don't.
Well, Rob, but when I first met you, like Rob, I mean, when your origin story is your
hairpiece story, like Rob lost his hair at a very young age and at a time before Pulp
Fiction, before it was even possible to be masculine and bald, like in cinema, before
Bruce Willis.
Impossible.
Before it was a big rave from that movie, Jesus.
Well, before, and before Jean, the new captain goddamn Picard, like, like there was no, there
weren't bald, bald men were, you know, whatever, the, the, the hair loss was different as you
go up through the ages.
I'm not saying it's equivalent to anything else that's a struggle, but, but, but you
told the story of like, you had a girlfriend that was like, you know, she made it obvious
that she said if you had hair, you know, maybe you do need a hairpiece.
And then you went to the, you went to the hair, had Lions Club.
Lions Club, yes.
And you went and you, you, you had them outfit you with a fucking head of hair.
So real hair, somebody's hair was woven into a wig and, and, and I was like, oh man, this
is it.
I'm going to be fucking sexy again.
Anyway.
And it looks, looked like exactly how you're picturing it.
I'm just like.
Like a hair hat, like a bull cut round hair, like, and, and, and I walked home wearing
it just like walking down the street, crossing the street and wearing it and then looked
myself in the mirror and I said, oh shit, I can't, I can't do this.
And I put it in a shoe box and then I, I walked back to the Lions Club and I said, I can't
do this.
I'm sorry.
And I gave it back to them and I left and then I shaved my head and then I never had
a problem with it ever again.
Yeah.
So, you know, that was 19 everybody.
And that woman is now your vocal coach.
Yeah.
Full circle guys.
Don't you make the equation there with your voice?
I mean, who cares what your voice, I mean, like, like, you know, I'm, I like me.
I like my voice.
I just, I'm, I'm, it's all about like when I don't like me and when I don't like my
voice, it's, it's, I'm trying to get over that, you know, part.
It's not right now.
All right.
I mean, I'm not trying to high road you, but isn't it easier to just, to, to change
the way that you feel about yourself than change your voice?
Yes, exactly.
Exactly.
And I think this is a part of it.
Well, when you, oh, this show, this show right here.
No, no, no, no.
Well, the training is like, like I said to you when I explained while I was doing this.
In confidence.
Yes.
When I said, I said, like, look, you know, if it's, even if it's a placebo, if I, in
the past, when I've done the homework and then I've gone into like a meeting where I
need to be everything I need to be and everything I know that I need to do and can do, I can
do it.
But, you know, when, you know, that's what it's all about.
Well, I found.
Some things I don't like about myself.
Uh, what do you, what do you do?
Like what?
Get into it.
Top five.
Teen.
15.
Top five.
Teen.
Things you don't like about yourself.
Let me start.
Attitude.
Wait a minute.
Wait.
No, this is for him to answer.
Eye contact.
No, it's for him.
Returning text.
Wow.
Your Billy Bob Thornton impression.
Yes.
Dinner secrets.
Time management.
What do we just get?
Seven?
All of those things.
I, I'd like a little less hair on my shoulders.
Yeah.
And I wish, I wish that my toe and fingernails didn't grow, but I guess that's a universal
human thing.
Yeah.
This is going to happen.
Uh, I feel like we should have invented that.
That'll happen after you're dead.
I wish that the hair on my legs didn't stop, um, just short of my ankles.
That was because you were abducted by aliens.
That's what you told me, like in 1997.
Were you?
I think it's because I wore my socks too much when I was a kid.
I don't know.
No, no, you said I was abducted by aliens, and that's why the hair on your legs doesn't
go all the way up to your kneecaps.
Well, which one is it?
Harmless socks or aliens?
Which one?
I don't remember that conversation.
Maybe I was, maybe I was defending myself against a new adult friend who was inquiring
about my body hair.
I don't know.
I don't remember.
It was 1997.
We've known each other since 91.
I thought this was from dinner the other night, you know, the last night.
Well, back then in the late nineties, we were getting into alien abduction mythology because
we were trying to write a screenplay about alien abductions and things, like, like, and
I was researching a lot of it.
So I was starting to think about my frequent nosebleeds and maybe body hair patterns because
they were being mirrored in the testimonials in the book.
I no longer believe that.
I think it's probably, how's your guys' body hair?
Oh, I think I have more body hair than you do.
Yeah.
How is that possible?
I don't know.
But you guys must, like, text each other, like, you must have been to it and go, like,
do you have that thing with your nipple?
Yeah.
Do you?
I don't want to hear.
We don't text each other.
I can grow a beard, like, in 20 minutes.
Yeah.
I really want to know, do you guys, like, actually, like, like, sexually, do you exchange
not so hot twins?
Do you?
So fucking hot.
No, that's...
Do you get that a lot?
Oh, man.
Twins.
And twins.
So hot.
If one of you experiences something, if one of you, like, try a cock ring or an accidently,
like, twist both your nipples while you were orgasming or you put on a pantyhose over your
face and swung from a ceiling fan, and then you, like, come your brains out, do you text
the other one and go, like, have you tried this?
Yeah.
Because you might be into it.
You might love it.
Because you're genetically identical.
I've cracked the code.
We haven't yet.
No, we haven't.
Maybe we should start.
All those things you suggested, I just made a mental note.
I was like, maybe.
Yeah.
It's possible.
All those things people do because they don't have twin brothers.
So you guys have a...
Like, maybe we're all more darker and private and we're a little... we're suffocated in our
cocoons.
Right.
And you guys are just... get to be more mainstream, like, you just lay the pipe, missionary style
and...
Yeah.
...roll over and smoke a cigarette.
That's right.
No, no conversation needed.
Right.
Tell us about your podcast.
Oh, snap.
Oh, shit.
What?
Oh.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, I'm being sponsored by Fernette Branca.
Our podcast is...
Our podcast is all about us sharing sexual proclivities.
Yes.
With each other.
It's a warm people town, it's like... it's all those... it's the most...
I wasn't asking you, Dan.
But I like to hear him talking about... no, it's just us breaking down three insane stories
and going super deep.
And the stories...
Story number one.
High voices.
No.
No, no.
No, it's three crazy stories from the news
that we get from our listeners, actually.
And then us and Dan Van Kirk, our co-host,
along with the guest, we just start riffing.
And the stories are just comedy launching pads,
and we just go.
It's kind of like a writer's room
before you get down to the actual writing.
How much Florida is in there?
It's a lot of Florida.
I mean, we know so much about it from the first line
of like this person, like everyone,
like we can guess the age of people by their behavior now
because we've done a bunch of them.
Like, usually, I know when someone looks like they're 50,
but they're 33.
Like, I can tell that from the whole story.
How old is Dan?
33.
33 years old?
Daniel probably just...
Oh, that's about right.
I think you're around our age,
slightly older than us, but.
What was that?
What was that drug in Florida?
What was it?
Yucca, flucca, fucca?
Wacca, flucca, flucca, flucca, flucca.
I think that's a rapper.
But, yeah, no, there's always like,
scissor and like these to every.
Scissor.
It's like the drugs are like going through
what Silicon Valley is going through.
Like, we have to come up with a word
that no one's squatted on the domain for.
So, someone's looking for a drug.
We don't want them to go to fucking.
Beagle tots.
No, yeah.
It's insane.
Has that been taken?
No, we had a story about a guy on a date
who I think this was in Florida
where he was trying to impress his date
and jump over like from one building to the next
and he didn't make it and slid all the way down
between the two buildings.
They got closer as it got there.
Cause they weren't built properly.
And he got stuck and the fire department
had to come in and bust the wall down
of a Chipotle to get him out.
Why did the buildings get close?
Is it Tim Burton's?
I tried to jump the leading tower.
Are you ready for the distance
between the two buildings?
A foot and a half.
How long?
Who misses that?
It was like this.
So he wasn't mad.
Who goes, I'm going, hey, hey babe, check this out.
I'm going to jump a foot and a half.
I got this.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Call the fire department, call the fire department.
Call the fire department.
All the Chipotle are stuck.
They punch through the wall.
They get him out.
And he probably just looked at him and was like,
So can I call you again?
He must've did not have any.
I know you're going to punch through the wall
but could I get like a number five?
And some chips.
they punched through the wall and it was the wall of the one of the two buildings was a bank and
he bolted through and took all the money and ran away that would be the biggest like the greatest
heist ever the Thomas crown affair the tinder heist of 2016 I mean I feel bad for that guy because
number one he didn't he's not doing something stupid in the beginning he's it's a foot and a
half so yeah so he's he's as dumb as any of us I got it he's just very lucky I just want the audio
for it hey hey baby let me show you something just fingernails coming down how long how long
of a fall was it like a couple it was a few stories I know it wasn't like it wasn't like it was just
magic stories like that what is the appeal to us is that the same as like watching intervention
or hoarders or something like that where we just we just want to we just want to look down and not
see rock bottom we see another person I think you feel yes yes the top of one person at least
before rock bottom yes I think you feel better about yourself but just to know and and sometimes
we try and justify everything that someone does in this situation I mean always like the best move
whenever which is a healthy exercise right totally like like trying to figure out is it the yeah I mean
humanity of someone like someone who shits in a pool and then goes into the house and goes into
the bed and sleeps with the six-year-old uh hey let's get into it let's try to figure out what
positive thing first of all have you ever taken a shit that just makes you tired we've all been
there you walk out of there like did I just do a like a like a 3k or something I have no electrolytes
anymore after that shit I need to lay down would you say sleep with a six year old do you mean
no no none of that's just actually literally just go to bed in your bed just took a nap yeah just took
a nap lay down next to a different family's child and then the pair oh no and then the parents
protected him from the cops the cops came as like it's someone in here they're like no no we're
all right like they were some reason protecting this guy we care about this person more I remember
we were at the cops come though because uh they reported a naked man with a machete oh then they
figured it out was pooping in their pool yeah machete you left out the machete it is it is
Florida it is Florida yeah it was Florida no but I just I remember back like just the parents
not wanting to like involve this I don't know what they were trying to do they're like we can handle
his son as well we don't trust the cops or whatever well you can't discount human empathy I mean
they must they looked into his eyes when he woke up and we're just like he's a human being and then
they looked into the cops eyes when the cops showed up and they're like this guy's dead yeah no human
but but I like to shit in my pool if you shit in my pool no I like to think that it's like they
didn't know about the turd yeah exactly when they were sticking up from the cops they're like
they're like would you bring them mother fucker out here we're gonna take them away all right
Billy Bob just take it easy for a second we're we're you know this country has has room for
error honey there's a turd in our pool get him out he's right over there or the cops left and
then they're like would you like some lemonade would you like some breakfast would you like to
go for a swim no thank you wait what is that did you shit no I didn't so are you telling me on
the same night we met you someone else took a shit in our pool we said the same night I would
imagine a shit in the pool is probably a lot like a water berth you know what I mean like it's not
we all picture the caddy shack bit with the flow yeah no but I mean for the person doing the
shitting like you're never immersed fully in water you take a shit yeah like that was probably
yourself oh yes just that just so he was in the pool then he was in the pool I think he was in
the pool so he got into this bed where yeah well he probably dried off I mean he's not an animal
yeah I mean this is he has common sense yeah he's thank you considerate person stupid question I'm
sure all right well that's probably your favorite so far that is very run of the mill for the stories
that we get and we get a chance talk about but it's a it's a good fun time and we love doing it
where are you guys from from st. Louis all three of us all three of us yeah thank you
Lewis for something that I thought you were from Chicago Brandon I don't know I guess I lived in
Chicago for a little bit but st. Louis yeah st. Louis little town called University St. Lou
good old st. Louis good old Louis yeah good old provincial old twin toopy we all three escaped
yes gateway to the west yes they're like that's the courthouse the old courthouse and we're like
why is that place famous the dread Scott case oh the case where you could go back up north and get
your slaves and bring them back down south that's why it's famous congratulations that's great horrible
horrifying really proud to be here yeah what was what was st who's st. Louis in the bible like
like what what did what did Lewis do I think it was the patron saint of acid wash i rock
it was the first dude to rock the st lb yeah he refused with st. Louis seminar I you know what
dude I I love growing up in st. Louis I will say this I don't know how you feel about that but I
just feel like it did connect us with like people that we probably would not have met had we grown
up out here like we were just just just yeah no but it did connect the types of people yes that is
also true the guy who but when we worked like we worked at a snack bar at a pool when we were 14
years old the guy who brought us the ice was this tall thin guy that's that Keith Longinette
fucking great I hope he fucking listens to this Keith Longinette he no he's dead he's probably
dead right now he the Longinette family was brutally massed by a man with a machete you
shit in their pool yeah Keith Longinette claimed to us that and there is no proof of this no
but we had to just agree with him that he kicked the longest field goal in Missouri state class
5a high school football history and just told us every time he saw that's what he did that to me
is like that I don't think people hold on to shit out here like that that is just an unbelievable
credit and an unbelievable thing there's an amazing book by Jonathan Franzen that he wrote
before the corrections called the 27th city I don't know if you read that it's about St. Louis
it's amazing amazing amazing are you just saying that yes okay it's it's an incredible book it pretty
much nails the city in every way shape form but I do I actually say I do love that did you like
growing up there you probably did I like growing up in you city I didn't like St. Louis right you
city was like racist yeah it's pretty racist but you said he was like mostly Jewish a lot of black
families a lot of multiracial families tons of culture it's the city that they recently vandalized
when you see in the national news that that cemetery our family our family is buried in that
cemetery um so that part was dope because it was great to grow up with like another culture
but the rest of St. Louis what are you saying the part that our family was in the cemetery that
was vandalized was dope because you guys don't really make the news right I was like how dope is
that shit right right there had been a black cemetery but they used it they you know they put
an airport over it yeah it did not make the news like this shit but but still it was dope that
your people thank you I can't over yeah get on the mouth thanks man very twisted relationship
that this country has with I'm not going to blow your mind with this with Judaism with
I'd say like like conservatives love the fuck out of Israel it's unreal get enough Israel because
they think of it as like a football team like like like we love Israel we love Israel's like
this great like amazing like like the Alabama Crimson time yeah like don't fuck with Israel
and they're and anyone that's like chest puffed up and patriotic is kind of right to think that
way I guess because they have great recruiting they're I mean they're they're a they're a fucking like
the colors are great but but blue and the white the lighters are kind of those people reconcile
they're fucking blatant anti-semitism I mean they they they really go ahead Jay you can talk deeply
about this wow how I don't know you just know people close yeah I there are people in my family
I'm not going to call them out but uh that my family not Randy's family that are that are
are conservative and because of Israel and I just want to be like it's not like if anyone
else is there they're not going to shit on Israel they might call Israel on some stuff
but they're not going to shit on Israel Israel's like a good restaurant in like a weird rough
neighborhood all right they're not the city's not going to suddenly come in and be like close this
shit down we need it it's good it's like there there's a lot of good that comes out of it so
it's a very odd it's a very odd relationship because that happens I think the I think there's no way
desecration of of a Jewish cemetery has not happened in even in the Bush administration
I think it's completely because sorry I didn't mean to make take the derail this yeah by the way
no this is the part of the show where but no but I do I do think it's because Trump is like
oh Steve Bannon come on in and so now anyone who has like aligned feelings like that they don't
feel like there's going to be any consequences for what they're doing so now like more and more
Jewish community centers are being threatened more and more you know the cemetery dude I Steve Bannon
scares the fuck out of me I'll be like about to pick my daughter up from ballet and I'm standing
outside the Jewish community center in Silver Lake where she takes ballet and I'll just be in the
parking lot I'm like people are picking up their kids and my wife will call me be like
do you hear what Steve Bannon did I'm like no what the fuck did Steve Bannon do I'm in the
parking lot I'm like Payser what the fuck did what the fuck did Steve Bannon do hun it's like no he
thinks there's going to be this is like the fourth revolution and he wants a fucking civil war and he
wants everyone to fucking kill each other so we I don't know how he's gonna make no I'm goddamn
terrified and I'm a wasp I am a goy whatever you call me I'm a fucking whatever I am I'm a blob of
the fucking white you're just white white person I because every time every every it's it's it I've
boiled it down I'm focused I'm focusing on my own emotional reactions yeah like I bought a gun
for the 10-day waiting period and I haven't picked it up yet yeah I picked it up so it's
still there distracted by that so it's like Dylan's Nobel Prize but then I left it there but
yesterday I was like I'm gonna go pick it up the article I read that's that made me want to go pick
it up was it was it was it was this the with a barred the CNN from the thing I know for me it's
about First Amendment because I perceive Steve Bannon and that whole plan I don't know what
those guys the Nazi part of Trump and there's a huge Nazi part of him he's descended from the
fucking that his brother in the um the the those guys are the only fortunate thing is that they're
not upgrading their playbook they didn't update it for the internet it includes I look at this all
this First Amendment stuff every time there's talk about laws against protesting that's fucking
Jesus Christ I'm sorry I didn't put it on side I'm sorry please continue that that ring tone does not match your voice at all uh just really delicate wind chimes
didn't he just tell you he has a gun he has not picked it up Dan what are the other three
errands you're gonna do around the gun pickup I gotta go to Trader Joe's I gotta drop off this box
at uh boss brother's gotta go pick up your gun go pick up a gun finding out you gotta get some
porn too just to balance that shit out I'm using it to measure what what I'm feeling and when and
what my triggers are what's going on with me because um because we're all finding out like okay we need
to take this seriously how our perspectives are different how how our neurologies are different
um I for me every time this First Amendment stuff comes up particularly this idea of the
press as the enemy and all this stuff I perceive it as those guys like that's the velociraptors
testing the fucking electric cages because they and or they're just piling up the zombies piling up
against the the the the shopping mall doors and dawn of the dead like they if they could get thicker
and push it down they would they because there's a Nazi playbook and it and there's a there's a
fascist playbook get rid of the media playbook the media you can't go any further you cannot
continue past well they'll get rid of the media whether they can or not by saying this is alternative
facts this is not truth and there are people that fake news fake news they're going to contribute
it's yes it's fake news yeah lugen press it's straight out of the english translation of
fucking nazi terminology this is that's what they do if in the 30s it took six guys and a
pair of boots to go shut down the media you tipped over a fucking press and you and you set fire
to a building um the they're doing the equivalent of that and that's that makes me it's their intent
you know like when a kid hits you in the nuts as hard as he can with a bat and you're like it's
disturbing to you it's like there's it's separate from whether or not it hurt it's like the kid
thought that he was gonna fucking hit your nuts as hard as he could with what he thinks is the
biggest weapon he has in his hand and there's an offense there where you go nephew cousin whoever
you are you know the fuck nuts like wait wait you don't don't do that you know those are my
nuts and that's a bat um and it doesn't really matter how clownishly ineffective they've been
it's the fact that what they would have when you see their intent when you see when you look into
their dead eyes and see what they would see the future be would you see that's what that's why
these policies are important because like they don't fucking care so another parent told me that
the other day that they uh trump was on the tv and their like two-year-old kid pointed and went
trump like with this just sad like the same way you would like because he's like grimace from
mcdonald lander the hamburger you know it's like like the kids are learning the mythology he's not
a good guy like you know i can't say it i mean there's just hatred there's just uh it's 9 11
no it's not not by our clock uh we go by a really specific clock here uh anyway but but i was
look i mean i there is this it's not a silver lining it's not like and i know that i know
two years from now four years around what is the silver lining what is the silver lining with any
crisis is always that you know it's like a forest fire it's like the silver lining with a zit getting
so fucking gigantic that you can't ignore it the silver lining is that it's ready to burst um it's
but it's it's the the when those graveyards got desecrated you know one of the things that i saw
was a muslim group muslim group saying like hey what can we get to like you know it's it's it's
the shit coming out into the open like where the funny smart progressive decent people have nothing
to fear in the light and and only the bad people will they will they will continue to be more and
more recognizable because they will continue to advocate for shadow and darkness they will continue
to say uh everything should be secret everything there there should be boundaries there should
be borders there should be all these things and that is going to be that could be a really healthy
thing for admittedly a side of the political spectrum that that in times of peace and prosperity
did nothing but someone brought their their chihuahua hey just sat on a duck that's fine that's good
wait you don't think the silver lining is that everyone who voted for trump who
believed that their life was going to get better their life because he doesn't give a
shit about them gets so much worse that and they lose their health carry and they see that there
is no way they lose their money lose their money and they see there's no way out but to commit
suicide that entire dies and then we lose those fucking people voting in the next election
who yeah that's called natural levelers called fucking that's human gerrymandering that's right
we draw a different wait did you did you see recently uh we talked about this on our other
podcast that uh Arnold Schwarzenegger just in a random tweet did you see this that he was like
it's amazing that like when congress is less popular than like oh herpes herpes and nickleback
like he dragged nickleback was like whoa whoa you don't fuck with like you fuck with the nickle you
get the back and they came back so hard on him and they tweeted back at him like leave us out of
your stuff and they went after him and then he apologized like immediately look i was i was going
for unity uh totally and i was like wait i thought you're supposed to be a tough guy you're a tough
republic yeah come on man what the fuck dude i i i thought that was a strange situation because i
saw that video and i thought it was a really important primer or alert to the concept of gerrymandering
which we don't talk enough about totally but it was Arnold Schwarzenegger i know i didn't
retweet it because it was too i didn't want to deal with the i don't want to feel like some
come on dad let's go motorcycle riding and i mean he was you can retweet some more of my stuff
woman gropin republicans sell out also as as a republican he cut the first people who went after
in california with the nurses and the teachers yeah i i just like he's just another glory hat so
it's it would it would have distracted from the message but it was a good message like we need
to talk about gerrymandering yeah i agree and i love that nickleback though came back to me if
that was huber snake they just would have retweeted it so like hey fuck we're in a we're in a tweet
good friend he said they should have gone to huber snake god fucking dammit just to hear him say
only in the app store
only in the app store only in the app store what it what it could be me me me what if billy bob and
arnold like just tweeted to each other i think it would go a little something like this would you
ask you ask tom pettie what was in the app store i would ask him only what's in the app store
that would be it but it just guys touch out like remember that video do you remember the video
after trump like uh trump trump at the prayer breakfast was like well and you should pray for
schwarzenegger's ratings and then and then schwarzenegger released this video going like
hey donald how about this and it was like like like the the swirling things that go through your
head are like well first of all okay so now we're just the wcw or whatever it's like like like like
are these guys all with worse actors like the only thing missing is mean gene green like like
going like between them is that what they want but then the but then the other thing you go is
like god damn it now i love arnold again because because it's like it that like charisma and empathy
and just faces and heads on screens is what we're so subject to and that is the whole problem we
got to get away from that like he groped at your heartstrings he cornered them in an elevator
and exactly he's he's and now he's paying for the baby that the two of you know there's too many that's
we're primates so we look at each other and sometimes the different people have different
like uh effects on us and we gotta actually we gotta grow we gotta outgrow that i'm a writer i
know all about like the need for heroes that we have but that's a biological impulse so is taking
a shit we do that in a toilet when we elect our leaders we need to have we need to like overcome
our urges and our urges are for like barrel-chested leaders who are smarter and more capable than
us and john wane this and all the stuff and like the the the democrats need to lead the charge i
think i'm just being like this is not a human concept this is not an individualistic concept
the idea of leading 300 million people uh and then by proxy eight eight billion people i think alec
ball one should be our next person and he should just go back in the face of my theory well i know
but it's the only way we get it's the only way to go but it's almost like in the wake of our you
know like like those the old european countries that do still have like england like they have
although they fucked up the brexit they really did we need to have we should have this popularity
contest where we have a symbolic leader of this guy's taking his head so oh you must be british
right no you say we already have it it's the Kardashians uh you seem that concerned that that
if no one argues with me we're gonna revert to monarchy that's the mother fucker man yeah it's
a bad impulse it's a bad impulse like the the idea of a monarchy being necessary well okay of course
but not a monarchy it wouldn't be a necessary monarchy it would be a symbolic one the king
and the queen there is yeah they don't do anything they are though they satiate and urge people have
to go visit a museum and look at a fancy hat and say oh we're the best she's running shit there
there is there is this great but seriously there's this great thing where they hide it and they're like
no the queen doesn't have any power she's got a ton of fucking power parliament doesn't convene unless
she speaks so don't trip they're still in they're still in some crazy ass move i want to assure you
guys i was not tripping i was not what he was tripping out there but everybody want to say the
queen is not complicit but she complicit that's the fact that we would be adding one it wouldn't
be a powerful office we would be adding no this is that's really what we're supposed to have already
done we're supposed to let elected representatives and officials do some of the the grunt work and
we're supposed to take care of each other we're in this position now because we keep trying to hire
people to take us out of this position in a true american sense where we're like i want to send my
congressman up there to get you health care when the reality of the situation is how do we
bend together none of this shit would happen in the first place it's not democrats republicans this
shit is on that's true when did this become like go ahead and applaud yeah that's true but it's also
isn't it like an american tradition and right the idea that that's fucking grunt work it's civil
service like go represent me on capitol hill i have potatoes to farm but they really want to do it
when you talk to a congressman when you talk to a politician they actually really do give a fuck
night not not all of a lot of them do but but a ton of them are like hey man my calling was
building neighborhoods my calling was figuring out a way right well so we need to put like maybe if
each of us put 10 percent more of our day into the being represented part of representation
i'm saying you could you could actually take your power back if you paid attention to what was going
on just one block over just one block over don't don't have to become an alderman don't have to
become the mayor of your city but take the block to the left or take the block to the right and if
everybody on a block did that shit yeah we'd be way better off than what we needed our elected
representatives to do it probably is a good time to bring up this thing that we're like you guys
heard of this indivisible thing we talked about it i think last week maybe but but like there's
this thing online it's kind of a guidebook for what we're talking it includes that the idea that
the sad thing is that it's sort of taking a lot of pages from the tea parties playbook because
it's observing the fact that a small but passionate group of people that were filled with hatred and
had their heart in the wrong place still managed political efficacy just by working on a local
level they showed up in droves at town halls into this shit so you can tell this this indivisible
playbook and if you just google it like there's an audiobook that's like an hour long that reads
through it in your car don't listen to this episode i give you permission to spend that
hour listening to this thing it just wait whoa whoa whoa don't listen to the second hour
but but it's like it basically just says that i mean i like listen you know it's like it's like
if there's if there's not 20 people within a certain block radius of you that are that have
started something start started and here's how we know that's how gentrification worked
was that people called the cops once they moved to neighborhoods that had crime people called
their friends and and had a visible presence in that neighborhood so we know that it works for
real estate prices the same thing could would work for each one of us trying to take it works
for the school it works for schools too uh both of us sent our kids to public schools here and one
of the reasons why the public schools in our neighborhood are good is because the parents
are fucking involved it's that simple that's it that's the end of it teachers can only do so much
they we have the same shitty classrooms and the shitty chairs that every other school has in the
city but our parents will go out in the community and raise a bunch of fucking money and put it
in and be like we don't want the music teacher one day a week we gotta raise this class this fight
but a great role it is to be okay with it is it is i'm gonna argue that charter because people say
charter well this is a charter this is not charter this is public public okay it's a wonderful thing
that we can all bring the most money to the picnic and then look over at the other side of the park
and see motherfucker star true but i'm not knocking that what we should have been doing was passing
legislation so that all california schools got completely agree completely agree or tax weed
and we know that that's the thing we know people aren't people aren't fucking with this
fuck a bandit bandit can't fuck you up now really the truth is we we kind of let ourselves down
they can't i think they could really here's the bottom line you you know that churches maybe you
don't but the churches are already coming up with safe houses maybe we got to go back to the the
days of abolition where the quakers had to hide the slaves and we got to hide people who have come
to this country i don't say illegal maybe that's what we got to do but god damn that's what we're
about to do you asked about the silver lining just real quick the silver lining is that you all know
how to go real slow you're getting you're getting there you know how to start this fight you know
how that's the silver lining the silver lining is instead of your four-dollar intelligentsia
now you're going to these motherfucking meetings kicking three dollars down and make some posters
and showing up that's the silver lining you get to become you now more than you've ever been you
before that's the silver lining now a lot of you are moved by that but and i don't want to pull
the wizards curtain down but brandon now pitched 1980s minimal let me tell you something about this
film you're still you guys said to you guys said to hollywood we want men but we want animals
but we want to be able to find it you understand so don't confuse us with a name don't be tripping
we want it to be simple yeah man animal boom man is an animal he is just an effective speaker
that does not mean he's not telling the truth all of his ideas are both show you anything
everything he says this is what i'm looking for dan with these this is all i want this is the
voice this is the one why can't brandon be your voice coach are you i have a question to you uh
and this i don't want to get too inside the business but are you open to having your whole
life ad yard you could have somebody just we could loop your entire life stand up in front and
hit brandon do your ad yeah just get up here he doesn't even need a mic but okay it's that's
just a prop but okay oh it's a problem okay just give it to him
oh
this is working if i speak slowly my voice will be low
oh now i want to see can we compound it here brandon you use this mic
check check check check check check check oh god another day is a 19 year old
i want to get some but i'm not sure this is the hair for me
how how hey rob how was her one woman show it was uh it was pretty good so good
you like you're not i'm missing rob i'm thinking maybe i should skip it okay
okay
told you i could deal with that every i could deal with everything he does ends in an applause break
yeah wait was it the was it the monitors or something it does you your voice sounded the
not altered by the thing was it like going lower i always carry a little bit of helium
just for these moments you like offset it in the jacket pocket just to keep you honest don't get it
okay all right look that felt good that felt that that felt real good i look good right you
listen to what i was saying right a friend of mine uh uh was it me his son uh so no younger lad
don't really know his son's age but he's like he's pretty young and uh like way way way before
puberty just like a little kid and uh he uh he was on the computer and he was like the dad was like
what are you what are you doing over there and he's like nothing just playing this game and he's
like okay then he kind of was wondering about it because he was extra quiet and he took him and
went and hung out with him or whatever and then he later he came back and he looked at the history
the history which is this is a new thing now like the way i learned about sex was like weird
hustler pages in the in the mud next to a printing factory and i don't think andy camera talking about
how the internet is like like oh it's a you know it's a this awful thing well it's one pipe of
everything coming into your home i think you know it's like again i was by a storm drain like
crouched over a crawdad river you know like i don't know how healthy that was i don't know if my
girlfriends are happy that that's how i saw my first naked lady but um but you know and youtube's
like very like but anyways the kid he was just saying that he went through the search history
and the kid the kid had searched for the word vagina oh v u c h i n a which we're not even talking
to vagina anymore uh as a country the big issue and then also sexy ass yes yes yeah i gotta look
that out and rob schrupp's picture came up on that one that is uh sexy ass very sexy ass we know
from just watching that bit you guys have kids are you at that threshold or they're like googling
stuff they're not because i had two daughters so i'm like fucking oh they'll be 19 before they're
i mean they're they're kind of they skew younger just kidding it's a stereotype oh jeez
oh you guys are so quiet i like their room turn on a dime no i like that i mean look they're i don't
think we'll have an issue with that with uh with them but there it is crazy just having grown up wait
wait what do you mean you want i mean i mean i don't think i don't i know my kid i may but
i mean for right now they both kind of i don't know the older one who's almost 12 kind of like
skews younger we want we got a little more time before we can there'll be a point in time where
she'll just prepare she'll tomorrow see it no there'll be a point there'll be a prayer a point
time where she'll just completely stop communicating with us and then we just won't have to deal with it
no my son tonight uh was like he's eight all right he just turned eight and he wanted to see
the karate kit because he's been doing a lot of taekwondo and i was like well let me i have to
also weirdest scene ever to show him the pat marita there's no if a cop showed up at pat marita's house
when he was drunk every single thing that he said yes like real explanation of stuff that he was
doing would make him sound like a pedophile dig him into a deeper hole he's drunk what i was just
drunk with this 16 year old kid what i just was having him wash my cars what i just i just gifted
him a silk robe what's the problem there what i just took him on a boat let him push me in the stomach
i put on a chest protector and i let him put cops what are the problem here so you wanted to show
your son that just gave him a car for nothing in return sure there's no strings attached there but
no i was like i haven't seen the movie in a really long time and i was like i i have to watch this
with you and in case something's in it that i want to explain to you like i was trying to be there
for the whole movie and i was and there was dropped an s bomb they dropped a couple of other things
but the thing that he wanted me to leave the room on is when they started making out he was like dad
get out of here and i was like do you need to see this alone like did he not think you were ready
to see that i know that mommy and i don't kiss anymore but why are you our favorite moment in
the we've done stand-up on this and i now we're not going to bust into a bit but the best line and
i saw it tonight the best line is he makes up ralph machi the karate de karate kid makes up
sorry spoiler alert makes up it's not with elizabeth with elizabeth shoe at the arcade right and
they're hugging they've just kissed dad get out of here i stayed uh and she goes he goes so i guess
you've heard about you know about the big karate tournament tomorrow and she's like who doesn't
we're like yeah yeah who in southern california doesn't know about this obscure high school
karate tournament it's also how they met he met her on a beach by trying karate
sure but i ain't go out on a saturday and there's like wet wall-to-wall traffic on the 405 i'm like
what bizarre junior high school jiu-jitsu exhibition is happening down in long beach to
cause this much of a stack up here oh exploitation movies have to they gotta buy skateboarding
who has it who has it uh otherwise they'd have to spend 20 minutes going once upon a time the
the society didn't think karate was important uh uh they skip right to the in a world where karate
is important uh but i will say elizabeth shoe i think your kid is probably experienced i think
she's empirically oh my god she's mesmerizingly beautiful she's still beautiful we got to do a
scene with her in uh like csi or whatever we did with her she was still beautiful and the whole
time you know i yeah i that that that movie like like like like that that character coming on screen
it's like i that would that launched a thousand chips i mean it did it was like it wasn't ralph machio
we were enamored with no we identified with him and waxed on and waxed off with him but what's
off to her you wanted elizabeth shoe and she was like like that was the 80s and it's
fucking most perfect he was like like like with the with the with the sweaters and the little barrette
and the all right perfect perfect or do you watch that movie again though it's like she she plays
like 25 and he plays 14 and meanwhile he was 22 when they did it and everyone was like in high school
uh but what do you so so but this is the thing because this dad that told me about that story
he's like oh okay he looks at the search history for china and like and i've heard this parents
over and over and over again all the stories the stand-ups and things telling stories like
oh they're walking and their kids on youtube and they're they've googled things and they're looking
at things and it's time to it's like this ambush where it's time to have this weird talk with your
kid about and all of these stories end with this sort of like and so i said uh this and that and
sometimes the parents is the hero of the story because they said something so fucking weirdly
like navigating all these highway cones but that's as good as it gets it it's like there is no healthy
like we have all of these like uh toxic ways we have all these ways that we worry about our kids
learning about sex we don't have any ways that we look forward to it we have demonized it i want
it to be awkward i want it to be as awkward as possible like as stand-ups i think in life or
just as people who look at life and try and create you want the most if it goes smoothly if it goes
really smoothly that's great then the then your life is good if it don't you think we need as a
society to adopt some kind of standard i think we have the most fucked up attitudes towards death
and loss and like yeah we're all fucked up that's all diy every step of the way wiping your ass
showering like yeah i didn't really everyone should have a bidet i mean but that's starting
in another point but like controversial right guys i'll lay that shit down hey but i mean i just
think like we have a lot there are a lot of things that need to be changed but definitely the sex
talk and the way we look at it there's a there are puritanical underpinnings and when we grew up in
st louis i don't know if you felt it too i felt like it was more constricted to the bible like
we go and spend time in cities like denver seattle san francisco that the overall attitude of the
people who live there it's like way way way fucking more open about everything where we grow in
st louis i feel like the puritanical underpinnings of sex made it something that is wrong and you
should not do and so you're at least not talk about yeah don't talk about so if you were like the
only black dude it was rough because everybody would experiment with you puritanically that's
right it's just taboo so fucking taboo i miss the racism of sex this is this is the good side of
prohibition yeah that's everybody's still got drunk we've had i seem to remember we've had we've
had women up on this stage who have really uh that's true a golden age of the podcast i remember i
remember a young lady coming up and telling the story about when she was in high school she was
sort of you know it's a classic story and like the the the movies that we don't she was branded a
uh a slut essentially like like because she like she was the uh participant in early experiences
of other shitheads that then punished her for that it's like it wasn't like she went out with a
sandwich board and said let's do this um you know she simply was the person that or maybe she fucking
enjoyed it uh did not she came on the show and said oh she did not enjoy it okay no she enjoyed it
fine she did not enjoy the slut label i'm not saying she enjoyed yeah maybe she just enjoyed the
experiences themselves and she should be allowed to yes i mean you're not taking a brave stance there
we're all no jesus women should enjoy sex right am i right ladies guys no i'm sorry i jumped off
the ship on this one they should be encouraged to enjoy sex my wife should be encouraged to enjoy sex
i'm saying that we we all end up uh dealing with young people's sexuality uh over and over again
because it does become a civic matter it becomes a legal matter if some kid didn't understand the
difference between consent and not and that's that that becomes a criminal legal matter it becomes
all of our problem so we're still living in this weird time when we're like oh let my kid learn
about sex like however they want like whoa who would who would want some obama uh panel telling
you how to tell your kids about sex but there's a tube coming into everyone's home all of our
kids are learning now from the same if i can aluminum hinged device that steve jobs designed
like it's it couldn't be more orwellian the way our kids are learning about sex except for one thing
they're not learning anything healthy no they're not learning they're not they're not actually
being told at any point the thing that they're most interested in from age three forward which is
where does this go and what's this for and what the fuck is this supposed to do and why does it
feel good let me explain but also they're not learning about intimacy either because there's
none of that in any of the like videos that are on we get the same shit though they they're doing it
to the adults as well you know they sort of took it from all of us so it's hard for us to like
give it back to our kids because we're all but we're all fucked up too like the way i like if i
had a kid it'd be like listen get what are you doing googling that go out by the river and hunt
crawdad yeah find a hustler dumpster i think there's a laptop laying by the crick over there you
can get on that there's this thing that's like if are you looking at boobs and it's not attached to
commercialism stop it right but if it's if it's attached to commercialism and you're about to buy
something then fuck yes look at those boobs it's called victoria's secret yeah you should be being
like like like like like instrumentally like like yeah like teased by happy meals about hermyony
granger like like you should be doing this on the schedule right that that disney deems it
appropriate you know that this the slit in uh eliza's skirt during let it go or whatever it
should be just high enough it's like it's it's it's up to pixar it's up to disney it's up to
when your kid gets his first heart on yeah they by the way eliza not a character in frozen uh
just thought i just thought i'd but i know she lets it go she knows i know how to hide that
slit right up that fucking slit oh all right sorry why did i turn to the dice if i had a kid i
know all their no i know and you should elizia elizia elizia elizia what are the it's anna and
elsa but what i'm sorry that i know that shit yeah she should have made mystical pajamas she
should have if she's letting it go she's she should have made comfortable flannel pajamas
in my world yeah they show up letting it go to me is like putting on yeah like like super comfortable
like not just i'm just gonna eat shit now and not care if i'm letting it go i'm away how do you
guys filter though for your kids like how do you make sure they don't see any of that shit i mean
you got to be on top of what they're doing you got to watch what they're watching my kids got into
a really interesting discussion because we they're super into hamilton they're fucking so into
hamilton and i love that they're into hamilton because it's amazing and it is like we just bought
the record in a second hamilton is amazing i'll take another brand wow no it is like it's i don't
understand trap music about yeah i know i love hamilton hate rap hate rap i mean can we put
an end can we put an end to that it's all about the duel uh no it's about history no but they
they do love it but the soundtrack and some of the later songs they'll drop a motherfucker and they'll
drop a they drop some bad language and my kids were telling me yesterday that they loved that we
don't make a big deal out of the fact that we'll let them listen to that without being like you
shouldn't do because we aren't on top of them for that you say it's because we cool motherfucker that's
right that's how you drop your voice that's how you drop your voice that's it cool motherfucker that's it how
would i say it if i were you a hundred and fifty dollars sound like karson there i know i would love
it if he was like thank you very much that's very they kind of had this weird discussion where they
were like they were really my son was like that today when i was like when we heard some of the
bad language and he was like i was like why do you want me out of the room he's like because
you're going to hear something bad you're going to make me turn it off i was like i'm not going to
make you turn it off but i do if we talk about it we can talk about that word and when it's
appropriate to use it when it's not i'm like you could actually some kid some fucking douchebag kid
and there are douchebag kids all over these three fucking kids all right so there are these douchebag
kids in our neighborhood and one of them got mad at my son and for some bullshit thing and yelled
at him really loud and my son came in the house and i didn't think he knew he was like that mother
fucking piece of shit and i was like you i was so proud in a weird way that he knew that well
here's why i was proud i was like oh my god he knows these words and he knows not to throw him
around at school or in moments where it's not appropriate and this was like he was reaching
for the worst thing he could say about someone and then he had these in his cachet and i was like
that's cool i thought that was very cool so like there is a way i guess that yeah bitch he does suck
but that's the way to like i guess that's this kind of example of like allowing them a little bit
of control in this scenario because i think going the other way where you're trying parenting you're
going to do 80% wrong you're going to feel like you're doing 80% of what you're doing wrong even
though you're trying to do everything right yeah i'm not i would never be really hypocritical of
me to say some of it shouldn't be upon us we have we have an alphabet we have insulin we have we have
an alphabet we have a food right there's a stand we've got this alphabet people we have accepted
civic like externalized protocol that we go like this is this is how much body fat you're
kind of supposed to have it doesn't mean just like the alphabets what a fucking dumb piece of
shit i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry you can turn off my microphone i'm sorry i know i know
i know i hate i hate me too i just i get excited to share something and then i just like right when
i get to the and then i just it's your voice and i know i know if it was just why he's going
this is why i just want it to be lower i know i know i know he gets it like when my voice is
laying and interrupts me i'm like yes sir i understand yes i get it something about the
length of the larynx i don't know uh anyways whatever teach teach your kids how to fuck right
i guess is my theme i don't know also your album also your album teach your kids how to fuck right
yeah teach your kids to fuck right that was my favorite crossy stills in our song
teach him right teach him how to fuck right uh teach him right teach him how to fuck right
teach him right teach him right teach him how to fuck right set the elder barge version of that
sir uh mr mr my girlfriend by the way Cody uh she she yeah thank you
she we were talking about this on the way home from that party or listen to our friends talk
about the youtube thing she she she learned sex from a children's book that probably maybe hippies
have and maybe not everybody has but uh anybody in the audience remembers richard scary it was uh
yeah cars planes and running a train yeah
come on come on in here honey it's time thank you come on in here honey it's time to find goldberg
gold bug gold bug gold bug goldberg is goldberg is that's what the trump administration is going
to do uh town route route out by goldberg time to find goldberg i broke the drawer on this
on the podium the fictitious i tried it i tried to i tried to situate myself when i was leaning
back to fire i pulled this drawer dude that's front top rob that's what you do to every situate
you break the door on that shit yeah drawer on that shit i'm sorry i'm sorry don't worry it's just
the luck of the drawer just just go into applause he's used to it just go into applause clap how he
needs it or else he'll keep going applause is how he knows when to stop all right so just it's just
the luck of the truck i'm glad that happened after the plane's trains and running a train it's like
come on that's just a dot could okay good catch both ways good
hey listen it's about volume shots on gold shots on gold you make none of the shots you don't take
my ex-wife uh erin macgathie had the best figure what i i i did a joke and uh i can't remember what
it was but it fell in silence and i i said they can't all be gems and then a couple seconds pause
and she said couldn't some of them be gems uh so i divorced her yeah rightfully so there's
a there's a here's a gem for you serve those papers all right vagina raps voice coaching
skin conductance i i my chiropractor uh has it has me take these reavals and he he makes me
put my finger in this thing and i looked at the computer while he was out of the room and it's
measuring heart rate skin temperature and skin conductance isn't that an e-meter skin yeah it's
my back a Scientologist did did he make you confess all your sins into a chafing dish
i mean he always like like he always shows me the next week like he goes like oh here's your
reaval based on that and then if it's like within things that are like look really healthy he'll go
by the way have you smoked pot recently which the answer is always yes of course and then i'll be like
i thought so pot really screws up the numbers and it's like this is a religion you're just making
up a crack my back i think i think you should give it another year and then not go to him anymore
he makes my back feel better yeah but all chiropractors yeah he makes your back feel better
down what's the problem attached to their back cracking like you know your back is part of the
moon like because they because otherwise they'd just be like a fucking back doctor and they don't
want that like they want to be like part of everything yeah i think he's really overstepping
his balance like he has he asked you to pee in a cup at all well no how often do you go to the
chiropractor once a week once a week that's too much yeah you gotta go you gotta spread it out that's
no the chiropractors where you go and shit's really bad and then you go to the guy and then you
get a fit i got a real i got a real bad bag i all right he's not helping i know he is helping
me i was in chronic pain all right i don't know it's all fake he's trying to help you he's trying
to help you out and you're making fun of him you're giving shit to him making fun of this poor
man he's trying to help you back you know for someone who's taking voice classes your voice is
still so high i'm only in one class one class you know it's it's one class you gotta put in the work
he's not gonna lower your voice i did it yesterday it's like what brandon said if we put in work as
ourselves don't put all the effort on him it's like what he just i'm not the enemy here
i can't believe he's not done with it yet that's been empty how is there still a half a bottle
half a bottle still left in there i'm nursing it he calls that a magnum all right well one
maybe we should maybe we should close with a what have we learned to wrap all right we all look
at brandon what if we said no mr garbachev tear down this wall yo which wall
i was the same was that was i doing 80s beat box yeah there was a there's a sample to start off
the red it's like doing the 80s make shit relevant you know it's like a krs one political song
i love no mok no mouth and reagan well let me let me start you off brandon i'll lay you a beat
down oh shit oh i heard him double up too did you just double up all right all right all right
all right here's what we learned matter of fact you better get down and you can only earn being
smart maybe on the trump you get into trouble but you're softening lumps i mean you're breaking
them up making sure niggas pay rent making sure you getting money and the cash you can spend
on the doper sink that you can afford but baby boycott don't give them the money the shit they
already got fuck that pay your taxes but don't shop in malls matter of fact you can shop in these
malls i'm kidding fucking i had to laugh motherfuckers looking around but i saw autographs we got these
twins next to me i'm finna pass this shit these motherfuckers is here to get down relevant
i'm giving it to y'all so don't you fucking quit come on motherfucker try and make a fucking hit
it tear down tear down this wall
well we're talking about kids and we're talking about families we're talking about his voice
because it's so damn high how was her one woman show young brother how was her one woman show young
brother oh that's it yeah that's it oh that's it oh that's it why don't you take it on the karate
kid knew that he had to do kicks and shit because he's like you and me we got kids we teach him what
to do we tell him what's on the internet and how to who we tell him who to be we tell her who not
to be we say fuck your kids right and now you fuck right that's who we are that's what we do
i'm like you i'm not like him though
i'm gonna do some flow and i'm going and i'm trying to rap without doing mama throwing up
on the beach but i don't mean sand gonna fuck your mama so hard with my whole hand gonna take
four fingers and my thumb i'm gonna rock her up and down one by one with all my brain and all of
my mind i'm gonna take her into the war and throw her out of land mine i rock i rock i rock i rock
and i roll your mama okay all right well let's let's end the show there then they applauded
the sclar brothers everybody brandon johnson
spencer gritton
and guest comptroller Rob Schrab
jack mckieber in the back uh during the audio and Kris Boruff during the cameras and uh
that's it uh i don't know where we are next week we're we've been moving back and forth
between here and Starburns we'll watch my twitter or something to know where we are watch his twitter
thank you so much you're welcome what what's the
the oh we're traveling next week oh next week we're in oklahoma we're not here okay next week
we're in oklahoma go fuck yourself i guess uh it came here for the oscars but we're when push
comes to shove we bail on you did you get any of that it's a good show
or